configure:     creating ./config.status
config.status: creating contrib/Makefile
config.status: creating include/Makefile
config.status: creating lib/Makefile          *********
config.status: creating locale/Makefile
config.status: creating modules/Makefile
config.status: creating src/Makefile		*********
config.status: creating src/prxs
config.status: creating src/ftpdctl.8
config.status: creating src/proftpd.8
config.status: creating src/proftpd.conf.5
config.status: creating src/xferlog.5
config.status: creating tests/Makefile
config.status: creating utils/Makefile
config.status: creating utils/ftpcount.1
config.status: creating utils/ftpscrub.8
config.status: creating utils/ftpshut.8
config.status: creating utils/ftptop.1
config.status: creating utils/ftpwho.1
config.status: creating Makefile		*********
config.status: creating Make.rules		*********
config.status: creating config.h
config.status: executing libtool commands
config.status: executing default commands

